---
title: Beo
author: Elco Luijendijk, elco.luijendijk@geo.uni-goettingen.de
---


# Table of contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installing & running](#Installing & running)
3. [Required modules](#Required modules)
4. [Model input & output](#Model input & output)
5. [Making figures](#Making figures)
6. [Model Background](#Model Background)
7. [Explanation of model parameters](#params)


# Introduction <a name="introduction"></a>





# Installing & running <a name="install"></a>




# Required modules <a name="Required modules"></a>




# Model input & output <a name="Model input & output"></a>

## Input:



## Multiple model runs


## Output



# Making figures <a name="Making figures"></a>






# Model Background <a name="Model Background"></a>




# Explanation of input csv files

## Required input files:



## Optional input files:

### Apatite fission track data

**file: ``aft_samples.csv``**

* columns:
	* ``well`` : well name 
	* ``sample`` : sample name
	* ``depth``	
	* ``n_grains``	
	* ``AFT_age``	
	* ``AFT_age_stderr_plus``
	* ``AFT_age_stderr_min``
	* ``kinetic_parameter``	
	* ``kinetic_param_min``	
	* ``kinetic_param_max``	
	* ``length_mean``	
	* ``length_std``	
	* ``data_type``


# Explanation of model parameters <a name="Explanation of model parameters"></a>

The parameters that control Beo are stored in a python file called ``model_parameters.py`` in the class ModelParams.  The following section describes each of the model parameters.


## Data types

The parameters can be several python data types:

* boolean: this is a variable that can either be True or False. Used to control model options, such as ``create_mesh_fig = True``
* numbers: numbers can be either float (2.3) or integers (2).
* strings: text that is bracketed by '' or "", like this: "this is a string".
* lists: a list of numbers, strings (text) or a mixture of these. Example: ``phi0 = [0.45, 0.65, 0.45]``
* numpy arrays: arrays containing numbers. Similar to lists, but can only contain numbers. Arrays can either look like this: ``example_array = np.array([1, 2, 3])``, which means an array of three numbers 1, 2 and 3. Other options are creating a range of numbers: ``Ls = np.arange(2500, 52500, 2500)``, which creates an array called ``Ls`` that contains a range of numbers from 2500 to 52500, with steps of 2500. See the numpy documentation (https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/user/basics.creation.html#arrays-creation and https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/routines.array-creation.html#routines-array-creation) for more options to create arrays.


## General parameters

* ``output_folder``: string. directory to store model output
* ``output_fn_adj``: string, name to add to output files generated by Beo = 'beowawe'




